 according to the 18-year statistics, the number of british people who have to pay tax is 812, and the chinese 477 people were required.
 the provisions of the convention into or translate the legal norms in accordance with article 4 of article 4 of the convention can be implemented.
 in the first quarter of the 1 quarter of 1993, the economic performance of the 1 quarter of 1993 is good.
 the department of peacekeeping operations was accepted by the department of peacekeeping operations and pointed out that candidates should be included in the recruitment of candidates.
 the 1 step in the phase ii methodology requires that grades are based as a basis for remuneration comparisons.
 according to the gradual development of china's tourism market, the price price of these attractions may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate in the shopping market and the market stalls in the past 5 years have been the lowest rate.
 the situation in peace-keeping situations is the most difficult projections, as it is forecast that there is a major change in the previous year.
 the intention of the country must be necessary, rather than the form of instrument.
 a spokesman for the israeli government said that the occupation of the occupying forces had to wait for long.
 some of us believe that this operation would not be left if it has been open and transparent.
 this is very helpful to member states to understand the complexity of the issue of the court.
 the namibian family planning association was established in january 1996.
 states parties are to report the most critical health issues affecting women in the country on the part of the country.
 it has exercised the power of international treaties, therefore, legally and in fact, it is a subject of international law.
 although the activities are still limited, the scale of future space activities will be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and to pursue the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who are those who are those who are those who are those who are those who are those who are those who are those who are the international community is the united nations council's decision and actions.
 parents cannot be consigned by his hands, and it is entirely entirely responsibilities to schools and teachers.
 " it is now very happy to see that one country, two systems systems, hong kong people enjoy the fruits of this system.
 the representative of malaysia, speaking on behalf of the group of 21, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos scheme must be avoided to compete with private property estates and maintains different sales of sales.
 we have explored a thorough analysis of the control of the united nations in consultation with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 chief executive of the 2 chief executive is elected by an election committee.
 as a result, the person must pay a minimum of appropriate attention to prevent the use of the installation of the device.
 it also established an international e-commerce network, and the 1 foreign trade electronic tenders conducted in october 1998.
 the gdp growth rate in 1996 was revised to 5.9 per cent in real terms.
 after the first visit to china's visit to china, the woman's son and lover will be visiting october this year.
 the government of chile expresses its strongest protest against a new nuclear device on 8 june 1996.
 as stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that, in principle, the claim for military volunteers are not in principle in principle.
 such a decision should be made by the president of the general assembly and the chairman of the regional regional groups.
 the long-standing problems between the two countries and the government of the republic of belarus, as well as the government of the republic of belarus, could not be able to provide the organization.
 the delegation of the united nations group of delegation to the world trade organization on trade and the united states of america and the united states of america.
 the warmest of his warmest, mr. sun zu-children, has decided to make a new one.
 however, the committee notes that the service of the state is not good.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of the system of education system, which will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that it would be hoped that the internet will make use of internet registration.
 in conclusion, mr tsang expressed their gratitude to the construction of the marine marine department and other concerned concerned.
 all right.
 at the same time, some of the solutions regarding these groups need to be some preconditions.
 no. 8.30 pm on the 8.30 pm on the 8.30 pm on the part of hong kong, the hong kong market is gradually returning to normal.
 this is regrettable that the draft resolution was not in conformity with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would like to address these problems.
 the official language of the conference include english, russian, french, spanish, and this year, this year also includes romanian language.
 in the transaction of transactions in connection with local transactions, hong kong established 16 per cent of the respective shares of local financial institutions and local non-financed customers.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storeytons for more than more multi-storeytons.
 it is of utmost importance to seek results in the future.
 the culprit was arrested and sentenced to theft.
 concern was expressed for concern to the humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has decided to appeal to france, and the chamber brought him to france.
 the slowdown in the economic slowdown in these countries have adversely affected the economic progress and the maintenance of social stability.
 the week is one or seven days.
 we have entered the world, through the united nations, through the united nations and with the south and south east.
 thirdly, special emphasis on local, enterprise and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a key role to make information on the development efforts of the developing countries.
 he said: " i don't know if he is not the swords act.
 (15) in the words and thinking of thinking.
 it has been 2 months since the terrorist attacks took place on 11 september.
 the ministry of china's ministry of agriculture said that the high incidence of control of the control of avian flu in china is quite effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of the united nations peace-keeping force would be possible to prevent the mistakes of violent conflicts.
 at this juncture, however, the opposition to terror must clearly recognize and recognize its enemy.
 i am very hopeful that the executive authorities could start dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman speaker, a spokesman for the african group, commended unifem for its efforts to respond to the response proposed.
 the chinese government intends to start in early next year to set up 13 coal " bases in the country.
 on the road, the ancient town of keel river has come to the path of modernization.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision work, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit credit cards in credit cards.
 in our country, arabic is the 2 largest official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of the representative shall be issued either by the head of state or government or by the state of state concerned.
 the contents of the contents of the contents are enriched by a number of social and economic areas.
 the vast majority of member states have shown that they would increase the tendency to increase the permanent and permanent members of the council.
 customers may be selected for a period of six months after the issuance of the special stamp issue.
 the deputy secretary for manpower, mr joseph wong, visited the secretary for deputy secretary for manpower, and other bureau officials.
 in 1950, he was founded to create an education cultural foundation.
 it is not easy to determine the impact of electors and election activities which may have the impact of the judges.
 the south pacific member states of the united nations have regretted to france the intention of restoring the nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the graduation is 15 years 9 months.
 the fee is $ 20 each.
 the bulldozers of bullers have dropped home, in many cases, and there are still residents.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security officers, law enforcement officials and the public.
 in fact, i would like to go to belgium in the relevant persons concerned with the european parliament.
 at present, a rapid change in national sovereignty, national self-determination, national security and the maintenance of the concept of peace and implementation.
 such enquiries can help to identify genuine responsibility to identify the genuine responsibilities in the space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the joint chairman of the joint chairman of the joint chairman of the joint chairman of the joint chairman of the joint president.
 the committee affirms the need for the process of the nation-building process, to consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civilized society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, which includes immediate establishment of this body.
 israeli troops and residences have been destroyed, and the israeli army arrived at an end.
 the text of the text has become more stringent and simple, and the content of the content is even more closely.
 this continued a high price price, not only for the ordinary people, but also caused high priority to government departments and scholars.
 he don't talk about what he wants to look at the heart.
 we do not have no doubt in the ears of those scholars who have professional knowledge about politics.
 the saying goes: " we do not have a mistake.
 it is expected that the majority of the largest national party is expected to be speeded up by the democratic party of the new millennium.
 in the days of the days of the days of the day, the light of light fires, like a light fire, was refurbed.
 the mainland's opening-up to taiwan's tourist industry to taiwan is optimistic.
 the most common aspects of the existence of the functionality jurisdiction is the exclusive economic zone of land and through the territorial sea.
 the spokesman reminded the public to report to the police as soon as possible.
 on the 9 of november last year, margaret chan officially elected the director-general for the first united nations specialized specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 without the international convention, the provisions of the international court of extradition is provided in accordance with the international court of justice.
 the adoption of the universal declaration of human rights in the united nations general assembly, adopted by the united nations general assembly on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the constitution of the constitution of the constitution of slovenia, in particular the human rights of women.
 er, the world has no white face.
 non-discrimination principles is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the process of a historic process of history, and the process is beginning to begin in most uncertain political difficulties.
 since the government's government's government's government's government's government's government's government's government's government's government's government's department's website, the number of visitors from april 6 to november.
 there have been no such circumstances in the previous case or the present case.
 the state party may wish to deal with the problem in the near future.
 the accomplishments of the nuclear committee must depend on the capacity of its member and the commission.
 the registration of the registration shall be signed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you are aware, our pursuit of " quality " does not mean that it is not important.
 the democratic republic of congo generally felt that the international community had no action to terminate the conflict.
 one of the requirement is to assess the damage caused by floods and infrastructure caused by floods.
 the government, therefore, has a 1 step in promoting co-operation between the two exchanges and clearings of hong kong.
 with regard to the mano river union, regional offices must assist in implementing the confidence-building measures taken by the three ministers in september and october.
 the maximum and maximum limits of killings, the minimum and maximum limits of killings, the minimum and maximum limits of the offence.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was launched by a genuine gun.
 at the time of the waiting time for care of care care homes, the applicant can be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of aids.
 an example of a modernized lifestyle is a modern product.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and harmony in harmony and to promote the development of the different national and cultural development of the world.
 in terms of food prices, i do not know what the business sector is able to change in china.
 it is not only possible to strengthen the ability of local production, which can help to produce services in the middle of asia, " he added.
 i would like to understand that all people understand that we will be eligible for a member of the membership.
 in the case of good health, the symptoms of the symptoms are mainly more minor.
 it is also appropriate to cooperate with the united nations agencies in cooperation with the relevant united nations agencies.
 in the face of the market, parents can make a better choice of " product " products. "
 if the more two-way figures, it is very serious.
 it is impossible for those who could not receive the resettlement of vietnamese and laoo, and will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system in 1999.
 at the same time, a moratorium on nuclear testing was maintained before the entry into force of the ctbt.
 according to article 31 of the basic law, hong kong residents have travel and free of immigration.
 they also felt that this might lead to a precedent that led to all types of vessels to be issued before the issue.
 right.
 as the government has already been aware of the question, the government has heard the legal advice but the government will never let us know.
 at the end of august 1997, 34 chinese state-owned enterprises are listed in hong kong through the hong kong market.
 to date, there is more than 30 tons of air and landed assets to gomama for more than 30 tons.
 the committee expresses its appreciation to the challenges of globalization and new technologies to the implementation of the drug law in the 21 century.
 in this approach, the gap between women and women are reflected in the gap between women and women.
 on the other hand, it was impossible to engage in trade in the border with egypt.
 madam president, the processions, in fact, is not a small group of people, and it is not always a political demands.
 the delay will affect the credibility of some talk.
 146, the private sector, and the foundation of the foundations of the private sector, has increased significantly in the united nations.
 there are no other opinions <unk> " when there are no other opinions.
 i am excited.
 two types of identity cards are one of the israelis, one of them to residents.
 since the time is limited, i have not been able to perform all services.
 as a result of the recent developments in recent political developments in recent years, this is a cause for concern.
 the model component includes the development of a model of three-production models and vegetation models.
 9 percentage points of this growth came from currency exchange rates.
 typically, illicit arms transactions are carried out in place where administrative facilities are far from the control of arms.
 switzerland, in no way, tolerated the use of swiss financial systems in the future, and will not tolerate them.
 most of the job vacancies are available for holding qualifications or graduate graduates, which is mainly between $ 8000 to $ 166000.
 the table shows the value of the project completed by the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the detailed situation of the commission, please see the provisions of the financial and capital markets commission.
 in the near future, it was hoped that the national television television broadcasts in the near future.
 civil society in the commonwealth of commonwealth is a major complement to the official activities of the commonwealth.
 in the view of the chinese delegation, the international nuclear disarmament effort is at the end of ho <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 therefore, mr leung has more time to make a more time, and therefore i support support.
 the observer for the indians, the african and the inter-american association of cultural associations considered that non-crotical population is argentina.
 " we plan to conduct a survey of employers in the next three years to grasp the performance of university graduates.
 we are not aware of the version of the chinese side. it is very likely that hong kong officials are an excuse for the mainland.
 the commissioner was held at the 5 plenary meeting on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law was established by the model law, which is dependent on both parties and certification services.
 it is therefore anticipated that the emergence of capacity-building in the national programme is expected to be low.
 the committee will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " the hksar warmly supported the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, only one calls for the saharan africa of the saharan africa in south africa is a phone.
 the press must respect the dignity and integrity of personnel and institutions.
 the israeli authorities have also closed several closures of the border between the gaza strip and egypt.
 owing to the acceleration of the unloading, the cost of transport costs decreased, and all sectors are benefited.
 <unk> amp<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 3. 2. 2. the 2. 2 is a knowledge-based knowledge, there is technical and technical skills in hong kong.
 she wants to see what can be done, television, television, writers, singing, singing, singing, singing and pianoo, and wars.
 when we talk about taiwan's growth in taiwan, it is very difficult to see the impact of the unsaw.
 the cost of freight costs can be calculated on a higher basis.
 in fact, the secretary for housing now invites me to talk about that, explaining that there is no relationship with the reconstruction area.
 the consultant was entrusted to an independent expert group to encourage consultants to encourage consultants to be open and transparent.
 i am not going to see, but often heard such reports.
 (a) interested parties are interested to apply formal applications for the application of the cyberport.
 for movies in movies, hou hsiao-man's story: " the story of a man, " says yang's story ", " says yang's story. "
 the united nations will face a test.
 the director of health, the director of health, said that about four years later, could be achieved.
 it is difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of the existing staff, of which 1<unk>3 of them were employed.
 the court believes that buyers have no obligation to fulfil the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region should also cooperate with the arab league on human rights associations.
 if 159 member states will create a record: this will be the real olympic performance in the 1.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc's financial centre and the financial centre has made a report on the status of hong kong's financial centre.
 the conference considered that the mandate of the elections is the privilege, not the privileges of the assembly, not the security council.
 the visitors can also make a lot of shopping in a modern civilization.
 we have a long-term goal to develop hong kong's development as a city in asia.
 at the dinner, the director of social welfare, mr. lin cheng-lin, and the fund management committee, briefed members of the public management committee for new year.
 the honourable mrs selina chow proposes to strengthen the use of the " juvenile police ".
 there is a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 as mr lee cheuk-yan proposed amendments to the amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that his argument has broken down.
 shanghai jung-tang international trade and export company, in zhejiang province, is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 hong kong shipment companies are in a position to meet the mainland's domestic shipping industry in the mainland.
 in helping the people and people of sierra leone, the united states is a priority of the united states of america.
 it was said that history is going to repeat.
 the national development framework of the transitional government has shown a framework for the economic and social role of the country.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider expansion of the competence of the employment authority to incorporate all aspects of the relevant racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo and that international support will be invalid.
 however, partners still need to do many work, reducing tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica noted that the delegation had been very active in its responsibilities.
 it is proud of the old tradition that israel shares with the entire world as a whole.
 <unk> the chief executive officer, mr choir choi, will be the director of the services department on january 7, 2001.
 the dances are handed up to the gods of fresh flowers.
 the situation in the united nations social area is most worrying.
 as a result, it was further necessary to check the medical hospital where he said that the children had already infected children.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programme and donor agencies, the national team and the united nations agencies.
 in addition to the beauty of the beauty of the t'ai, the u.s. mei.
 the aim is to exert pressure on 3 parties, peace-building, so that the ethiopian no longer wars no longer war.
 a no. 3 alarm fire occurred today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the people of the community should not let the people of kosovo, and should be encouraged to look at the future.
 you should not forget that these are all public funds, and there is no way to waste.
 on the contrary, the local university degree in local universities will increase in the year.
 i have recently visited the general assembly to attend the general assembly.
 copies should be sent to the prosecutor or the person to be sent to these written statements.
 qin chin-yu says that james soong soon arrived at the 1 stop on may 5, he will meet in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee also notes the information provided during the consideration of the report and the delegation provided information.
 the north korean northbound railway station on a series of train explosions occurred on 22.
 the activities of the activities of the special rapporteur also included a wide-ranging briefings to civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 i really cannot agree with the sentiments of the people of hong kong.
 however, international trafficking are also involved in other areas, including clothing, agriculture and construction.
 my own is not a matter of fact, but i often heard religions.
 as a result, only the chinese government would only be eligible to hold the sar government in the future.
 we need to assess the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu haihai.
 as a matter of fact, we have some set up in some of its provisions, particularly in relation to mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that latin america's trade volume was 12 percent per year.
 the number of unemployed persons was reduced to 1930000, and the first time for four years to 200000 people.
 in 2004, the import and export bank of the united states has provided financial assistance to us$ 17800000000 in the world market.
 two informal meetings will be held on thursday, 5 june and on thursday, 6 june.
 at present, legal action is being considered by the government to take legal action on the issue of pollution of the old site.
 the proposed office was proposed for the establishment of 36 posts, while 18 posts were allocated to the regular budget.
 in taiwan, he said the " 3 route " is the main reference for the government of chen shui-bian.
 right, for a double-eded sword, we have the charts, uh.
 in addition, transport department has increased daily fires on the ground at the scene and is to rise to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, it is not only written in the constitution but also written in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council attention to the situation of the external debt of the central african republic.
 if i wish to look back to the scene, the meeting was 305 rooms.
 the records of the record shall be allowed to retain 3 years after the last resort.
 in china, there are two billion people.
 the large numbers of bangkok in bangkok is ready to take place in the united nations in bangkok.
 we fully support the similar statement made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis at the urban area will be able to go back on the road near cheung kai-ming road.
 the transfer of united nations arms is a transparent measure of the legal arms transfer between sovereign states.
 according to the latest figures, a number of local employers continue to streamline the manpower and continued streamlining of manpower.
 it requires social consensus, " the spokesman said.
 such penalties are applied only to the republic of the czech republic, and did not receive the status of refugees.
 when i went to the small child, i am very serious and very serious.
 the committee on human rights and peoples have also participated in the international seminar.
 the gender disparity and inequality affecting the sex and inequality affecting the risk of risk of risk is not sufficient.
 according to the estimation of the biobiral engineering centre and the environmental protection bureau, the potential of these technologies can reach a number of us dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory committee (lab) for a period of two years.
 the 3 category is particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " in east asia, the financial surplus of the east asian region should also be more efficient.
 swd has already contacted the family and provide psychological counselling.
 a maximum of 80 per cent of accommodation costs for the state.
 these developments further exacerbate the strategy of the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor.
 there are almost no place in which these people have already been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces were invited to withdraw from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment of the police, wages, the training and management of the police are also equally applicable to the prison guards.
 " the inspection has also found that it is sufficient to cope with traffic, public utility facilities and other users, " he added.
 now, after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been incorporated or were reflected in some international conventions.
 after the buildings, the ministry of home affairs, etc.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of ballot.
 we can wish hong kong for every day, and the rain breeding, air and prosperity and happiness.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing manufacturing industries have been the main power of economic development.
 we therefore stress the obligation of nuclear powers to the end of the ctbt for the conclusion of a comprehensive test-ban treaty in 1996.
 in contrast, the u.s. largest internet service providers only maintains the ratio of each 20 users of the network.
 since the reform of the reform is open, small and medium-sized enterprises have made significant contribution to the strategic goals of the country.
 since my country's warm warm warm warm warm warming and immune.
 i hope that in the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general can enjoy the face of the general assembly hall.
 <unk> no provision may be allowed to give up the right of guardian after the appointment of the appointment.
 for example, the measures agreed upon by the conference include the implementation of a uniform document for citizens in the region.
 it's hard to say that he is a genuine friend.
 mr howard young: mr president, the employment of workers, employment and transfer of workers have already been haunted for some time.
 " even though it enters into taiwan, it should not abandon the performances of the " liver ".
 otherwise the draft articles would lose its most practical effect.
 thus, there has been a significant increase in inflation in the last year's inflation rate.
 there is no doubt that hong kong's mainland china and taiwan's veterinary college in hong kong are entitled to use drugs and antibiotics.
 these greek cypriots are 66 years old.
 the company's economy had also raised the same forecasts on the weekend.
 the project could also allow more public awareness of cultural diversity and to maintain its interest in such diversity as well as in this regard.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is studying whether there is a need for additional loan quotas.
 the above-mentioned seizure of assets was carried out in accordance with the code of criminal procedure.
 in this connection, it is the only way that students die of the death of the students.
 provision of basic medical supplies to provide basic medical supplies for primary health facilities are provided on a standard basis for primary health care facilities.
 it is not only to retribution of land.
 in this subject, the meeting sought to remind people that one of the 20 minutes have been killed or maimed.
 at the time of the neighbouring of neighbourings, there were a number of crafts can purchase.
 motorists are advised to follow instructions from traffic instructions and compliance with police officers.
 it was surprising that some surprising legal legal advisers have been astonished since the legal legal adviser had been subjected to his head.
 with the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering expansion of the possibility of existing social security systems or individuals.
 amputed to leave their lives, impact on their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001.
 after the implementation of this scheme, many honourable colleagues will start the journey for lifelong learning.
 he was said to be hiding later in his father's father, following his written complaint, the ministry of the ministry of the interior said to be said to be his home.
 another 40-year-old man was arrested in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only place for low skill employment employment is the only local level of service sector.
 the project indicates that small enterprises in small enterprises are based on the policy experience and performance of credit subsidies.
 mrs miriam lau said that the " youth charter " was the " youth charter ".
 the three persons were arrested for conspiracy to remove the money.
 they shall be open to a step-by-step market market.
 from international moral and international law, it is impossible for us to support the iraqi war against iraq.
 the real development concept should contain full respect for full respect for human rights.
 the state practice shows that the duration of the option of the right to choose the right to choose.
 the islamic state of afghanistan is worthy of the islamic state of afghanistan, which considerations the previous agenda, which would also be re-examined.
 countries have been able to achieve a large number of people living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis has caused regression.
 as a result, the countries of the poor are not available.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the area of security and economic areas.
 " the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration of the situation in the republic of croatia and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department was closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, efforts should be devoted to the realization of the goals of multi-ethnic people.
 wei-wai found that the development, manufacture and sales of the sale, manufacture and sales, and many world famous consumer products.
 thereafter, the veterinary officer of the department was also briefed on the chickens of avian flu.
 the secretariat has the secretariat's analysis of the mission's survey data and verifying the self-sustainable maintenance rate.
 if there is a thorough solution to the floods of the northwest new territories, we must implement the shenzhen river.
 the capitalism of no legal and moral norms have often resulted in drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 in the first work of the queen's work, chen sheng-chen's 1 series of work, " says chen chin-chun, who has been able to work with a job.
 the one-way link between the two places can be shortened to 40 minutes.
 the report on the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the palestinian territories is a full-fledged approach.
 <unk> don't have a lot of cash or high property.
 at least 17 were shot dead, 38 individuals were living burned.
 the working group working with international human rights services, which was held in 1997 in 1997, has dealt with these issues in 1997.
 <unk> 28 police officers and 13 police officers were mounted in sham shui po.
 it would therefore be desirable for the contracting authority to consider the measures that might need to change changes.
 economic growth in developed and developing countries, as well as economic growth in countries with economies in transition countries, is very significant in developing countries.
 according to the same source, more than 800 alleged militants were allegedly killed by the communist party of nepal.
 in accordance with an act of law, the offence of committing a crime against terrorist activities, in accordance with the existing legislation, will have a legal responsibility.
 mr president, there will be a complete solution to the landfills of garbish landfills next year.
 over 200 million children were killed in armed conflict, with more than 600 million left permanent disability or serious injuries.
 " this is a great help to develop ecological tourism. "
 basically, this is a tangible commitment in the north-west of development.
 there will be a letter of warning to the department and the department will issued warning letters to the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we have once again been one of the most competitive economies of the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) has signed a value of $ 680008000000 for construction contracts in the month.
 i have studied hong kong legislation to refer to the basic law.
 thirdly, in the field of non-traditional security in non-traditional security.
 from june to july may this year, the unemployment rate of unemployment and employment is stable in the major industry.
 this is not easy, but if a quota system can give more people with disabilities with disabilities.
 in addition, australia is actively engaged in the drafting of negotiations on the suppression of the international convention on the suppression of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the construction of factories and industrial operations (serving noise noise).
 the letter has not been able to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contains the right framework for the future in east timor.
 in some areas of the world, the number of people in poverty and the relative number are growing.
 we look forward with the industry in this regard, " the spokesman said.
 the state party argues that the same sound should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the cause of the darfl conflict was a dispute between the population of the area of the crops in the area.
 the revised land is reserved land for the development of the fire services department and the open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the details of the details will also provide assistance to those who are able to improve their language capabilities.
 when chen chen sits on the winds, the winds of the cold wind and from time to time.
 in fact, in the case of judicial jurisdiction, the proposals of the gririson law act is almost the same as the current british army.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of establishing a resource centre for the establishment of resources was not encouraged to do so.
 the chairman of the joint conference, mr james tien, said the discussions are very useful and will take follow-up action.
 in addition, we will be prepared to review the review of the district boards in 2003.
 a car travelling from the secretariat of the secretariat, located at 1 avenue, is limited to the car access to a special labelling vehicle.
 in the face of the village, villagers were allowed to take three years of time.
 the institute of land reform in el salvador is established as a result of the implementation of the land transfer plan.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee does not oppose these posts.
 police are urged to call mong kok police station in mong kok police station on 2398 6499.
 in 1997, the institute had designated the formal application of a formal document in order to improve the quality of quality and productivity programmes.
 this morning, i would like to focus on two of the three issues in their speeches.
 to this end, attention is given to education, increasing the necessary means and means to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the army, and it has also affirmed that it is not the command of the army.
 the field asset control system is designed to be audited by a series of auditings for united nations assets.
 but it is impossible.
 for security reasons, these substances must be unexploded, without radioactive, non-information, non-information, non-information, non-missions and chemical reactions.
 the offence in the common law system was found in the common law system.
 worsening, as a result of the destruction of the destruction of nuclear weapons, it seems that the devastating threat of nuclear weapons seems to be rooted.
 in the village, the village of the village was scared.
 the armed conflict in the area of darfur region began in february last year.
 the rights of the rights of human rights is a part of the international protection of human rights, particularly in respect of the multi-ethnic system.
 the commission's procedure is confidential, based on the rules, any document or addresses of any document.
 however, with the gradual recovery in the economy, it is believed that hong kong's future will continue to pick up.
 the choice is the choice of whether or not to sell the contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but in mid-term, this will be a challenge.
 they are inclined to repassed the roots.
 at that time, governor chris patten is busy to prepare the conservative party.
 asianet daily summary-press releases were issued on friday, january 16, 2001.
 however, it may be disappointed that only one accused have been sent to the court to trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially children, have always been saddened than the boundaries of national and religious boundaries.
 a total of $ 50000 will include $ 50000.
 in recent years, the world economy has changed rapidly.
 these guidelines have been set out on the website of the buildings department and has been distributed to all management companies and owners.
 they felt that it can be used as technology, which can be used to be used as the scientific sciences.
 while member states requested to strengthen the field representative, its progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at 3 p.m. local time, at 3 p.m. at 3 p.m. at 3 p.m. at 3 p.m., a car bomb occurred near the market.
 senior officials of the security guard, as well as personal personalities, will receive special permits to the united nations security and security service.
 the latest maps of the latest maps and the access of new access to the new image was prompted to rescue agencies.
 the scheme provides a total of 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, no gender discrimination.
 the united nations peacekeeping force and the united nations peacekeeping forces, however, had conducted demining activities in its mandate.
 the royal government of cambodia attaches legal protection to hiv <unk> aids, and protects human rights in the cambodians of cambodia.
 once again, we should once again go to the housing department to make a further examination of the examination.
 the drop-out rate of girls in secondary schools is still higher than boys, in secondary schools and university.
 there are two sides of the anti-smoks and breeding side, and the outbreaks of commune conflict broke out.
 there is no difficulty in setting up and access to such private schools.
 he never imagined that she had changed her decision.
 the transport department has received a warning letter from the transport department.
 always, in the united states, he is in the hands of the united states.
 chairman of the environment for environment co-operation in the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in the investment interest, it is not possible to make business.
 it should also take into account changes in the international system for international systems, particularly in the dissemination of globalization and new technologies.
 if you cannot say, it would definitely be sure.
 a total of cuban sugar quotas in the us market is proposed.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to recruit suitable candidates.
 more than 3 children have been released, but the next day it was also necessary to report to the gendendarmeme.
 the modernization of the hong kong special administrative region's bill trademark legislation.
 the more the electors go to vote, and of course our 1 legislative council will be representative.
 a place of 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles can be operated at 13 minutes km.
 if he is not enough, he could be able to break a rest.
 this approach is a very obvious one.
 the armed attack in december 1963 was a ethnic cleansing campaign against turkish cypriots.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that the model should also include models.
 we are liaising with the authorities of the canadian authorities. "
 the delegation of china expressed its appreciation for the mission's appreciation to the work of the subject.
 no one has to turn to him.
 with regard to the elimination of the situation of marriage, she asked whether a study was made to identify the causes of the division.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than a year ago.
 the government announced today (april 20) to announce the appointment of the commission members and the special advisers of the special adviser.
 he will conduct major reforms in the securities and futures of the securities and futures.
 as a result, the information provided by non-governmental organizations and other important groups have led to the participation of non-governmental organizations and other important groups involved in all levels.
 the delegation said that the majority was the result of external forces, uncontrolled groups and individuals.
 " it's what's all the success and continuous efforts of the present self-interest and continuous efforts, " he said.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to enhance the standard of living and improvement of children, parents will pay certain costs in accordance with household income.
 however, further efforts are needed to make further efforts in order to facilitate public awareness of the work of the public.
 those criminal acts cannot be allowed to provide safe asylum.
 on july july this year, we can see a security guard by a security guard by a security guard in sha tin.
 the council considers that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketing staff can only take care of their own contact or liaison.
 article 54 of the constitution provides that expatriates in the territory of the republic shall be protected by law and the same protection of the haitians.
 the time of three years member states of the european union have been consistent with the instruction of 6 june 2000.
 the pfp has been anger in anger with a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on anti-ballistic missile systems.
 in the region of the region, the performance of the region in the region continues to be sustained by the japanese economy.
 it is unrealistic for others to save themselves.
 in addition, it is also necessary to sell a lot of woodens in the light of the flocks.
 in the near future, a six-year-old study of the fish in taiwan province has had a breakthrough in the near future.
 despite the issuance of the international community, a multi-ethnic, multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society are being eliminated.
 in accordance with the sfc's licensees, the hkma will implement the regulation of regulatory regulation by the sfc.
 for the first time, the stars returned to the first time.
 we want to see the fact that the university of peace has a genuine universality and to take a truly global mission.
 population estimates are a major parameters for projections and projections, for both private and commercial institutions and research.
 more than five years ago, they were invited to join the chinese new year new year new year.
 the united states government acknowledged that cuba's diplomatic bank account should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 2, the decision is paid on the basis of an instrument in respect of the category of law.
 during the competition, students have to deal with accidents, such as electricity cuts, the black hacks, networking, networking, networking, and equipment.
 we are currently considering the views of the industry and to implement the proposals.
 the staff of the staff also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill does not have any particular reference to the use of the company to conceal a concentration of loans and a company.
 it is also strange to say that the name of the chinese people will go away from their own.
 the department of health is providing health education and disinfection at their home.
 i would now like to talk about the question of post-conflict peace-building in view of the current situation in our country.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also proposed that the high commissioner should take the initiative to ask the special rapporteur's recommendations on the recommendations of the special rapporteur.
 in the context of the necessary action, we refuse to refuse to stay in a single aspect.
 we are watching the process of addressing the question of palestine on the question of palestine in the middle east.
 i am doing so.
 these include a threat of threats to the concept of sovereignty, including the threat of the sovereignty of the sovereignty.
 the maintenance of security and peace in the world cannot be removed from the development of the international community.
 the state of emergency of a state of emergency, in a number of states, was extended again on 15 december.
 after the occupation of mazar-are-sharif, the authorities began to transfer prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missile is very timely in the unique nature of threats, deterrence, co-defence, self-defence and revenge.
 it is the government's government's policy to adopt an open standard of software as the application platform for the application of the application system.
 in addition, there are 106 private care centres in 150 private and private care centres.
 after this incident, both sides have taken military action, but the front line did not have significant changes.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a variety of new innovative games.
 but the relevant departments will take immediate action on some immediate dangers.
 the experts may have a new image of images with the commission's databases and in the commission's database.
 the estimate of local employing staff included 10 per cent vacancy rates.
 the use of natural gas to natural gas will also reduce sulphur, nitrogen and carbon dioxide.
 the works will start early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large-scale institutional units are the establishment of more than 100 or more employment units in other sectors.
 according to section 23, section 23 of the penal code, the penalty is lower than the maximum limits applicable to the preparatory or a total of 23.
 the general assembly has adopted resolution 56<unk>82 82, from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the kings of morocco's king of morocco's iisan ii has been death.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed rwanda of rwanda, and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, these three have been carried out by non-governmental organizations and the rest of the 1919 are organised by the department.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to the special concerns of spain.
 there will be an offence in which the automobiles are uncompleted.
 2, the capacity of the small and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes) applied in the application of it.
 8 days after the day, the usa and the usa is two.
 more than 2000 baches will be displayed at the hong kong park in hong kong.
 the survey would provide reliable and timely information on the entire territory of the entire territory, particularly the extent of poverty.
 one of the hot spots of the people's concern is the 1 new trading game this year.
 in 1993, hong kong's legislation in 1993 is a major trend of human rights in the world.
 it is also known to know that there are a lot of matrials and other forms of other disorders.
 <unk> 15 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 in particular, it was suggested that the legislation was revised in 1999 to give more investigations into the independence of more investigative powers and the independence of the competition.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china, china and south korea, was held in beijing.
 he will be published by the hong kong trade development council and the french association of france.
 if we take into account the interests of each other, the international community can cooperate together.
 the ministry of finance was submitted on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's primary goal is to stabilize the property market, and the property prices will not be big. "
 mr lau's honourable lau's honourable lau's honourable honourable lau's honourable honourable lau's honourable honourable lau's <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 the sponsor delegation stated that the legal framework could be found in article 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, it is necessary to start to collect data related to their stockpiles and production records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables have been obtained from various relevant bodies.
 i remember that some people have used a lot of words, such as " the interests of the interests.
 many people do not agree with this view, but in principle that there will be no objection to the levy of road departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract, the question of transport <unk> transport matters must be agreed upon to all the forests.
 the angolan armed forces also took place in the southern and southern of the south-east of the south-east of the south-east of the country.
 if we decided to extend the plan, we intend to continue to provide assistance to the development of the problem of labour shortages.
 they were used to use the train trains in germany, and the speed speed speed is $ 80000000000.
 in 2001, the court of the people's republic of the people's republic of china was received by the government of the people's republic of china.
 this type of work is still being made by the division and needs to be considered and approved by the division.
 police will take special traffic arrangements on hong kong island on january 6, in order to hold a public community.
 the private universities also receive a granting tuition tuition for the students.
 to improve our relationship with egypt and the resumption of multilateral negotiations, the common goal of the peoples of our region is indispensable.
 his mission has been extremely strong, and he has been able to paint with him to paint it.
 some police officers will be able to make a recording of the perpetrators.
 according to the results of the results of medical uses, those who have obtained the quality of medicines, through a german company, was sold through a german company.
 it welcomes ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon state of the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt).
 israel has also continued to keep the tunnels under the al-qaqsa mosque in the al-qaqsa mosque.
 as a matter of fact, the travel industry council has not received any complaints about shopping for passengers.
 " i believe you will become an important asset asset in hong kong. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has carried out an adjustment to reflect that the latter had already entered into force.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the right of the demonstration, i can say that, in any case, i can say that we should not be complacent.
 the vehicle immediately removed the scene along shak ho street to the scene at the scene.
 although there is evidence of evidence, they are still defence and said they have not " changed ".
 governments have adopted various approaches to control these monopolies.
 however, it must be pointed out that, in the absence of their respective roles and mission, direct comparisons are unfair and unfair.
 i believe it will also affect the future.
 the political impact of environmental problems have been used as a result of winds, and even the reference to development assistance.
 " our immunization system is like the army as the army like the army.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this resulted in a drop in the gaza strip and led to the east of salt water from sea to east.
 i believe this week, i believe this week, is an important significance for us to express our commitment to this international health.
 i would also like to express our appreciation and appreciation for the secretary-general for his consideration of the report submitted by the secretary-general.
 we need to implement this international responsibility. "
 argentina, for its part, has passed through the process of rebuilding democracy after several decades of political instability.
 in the western gates of the west, it is only the heart of her mind.
 it is important that the people of the judiciary are well known to be very important.
 as a matter of fact, it is an important part of the united nations involvement in the oceans.
 in the history of history, there are no other children in the history of history.
 " for the entire continent of peace, " the entire mainland of the people of all peoples have become brighter. "
 as chairman of the newly established advisory committee on the new advisers, i shall be able to build a trees in the previous ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, it is likely that sanctions are likely to become an effective means of implementing punishment, and the wishes of the international community as a whole.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures of cocaine seizures were low in recent years and reported seizures of 913 kg cocaine.
 to this end, pakistan supports the mexican proposal by the united nations and the relevant bodies of the united nations.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (it) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 he was then taken away by a police vehicle, which was taken by a police vehicle, and he was taken away from the vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, international efforts should be carried out in a more effective and more substantive manner.
 the secretary-general has already proposed the direction of the united nations.
 more clearly, it is also necessary to determine the user of public information and evaluations.
 mr chan kam-lam has said that his statement is more short than my speech, but i may now make my speech.
 lithuania also attaches great importance to the role of other international forums to deal with the anti-terrorism problem.
 the court of appeal in the united states of the united states of the united states of the united states have been overthrowing the judgement of the court.
 in this connection, the three0000 displaced persons and internally displaced persons in the northern part of kagaga province will not receive assistance in the northern part of the province.
 as a result of the war and air strikes in kabul, the international group of international groups had to go city.
 in response to the current economic environment, we urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of pre-employment training courses. "
 at best, i can only stop the local saying that the government simply does not want to mouth.
 currently, the operating budget for the current operating budget is: each year, unhcr receives less than $ 40 per year.
 additional payments should be made on 31 december to set up a 10 per cent payment for the exchange rate of the exchange rate.
 the president of the president and mrs.
 the world trade conference will be convened in seattle and could be an appropriate forum.
 on the 1 of the above, it was recommended that, in the light of the above-mentioned 1 issues, university graduates and professional groups should reach the basic capacity ".
 therefore, it is inappropriate to reject the language of a more rich and more diversified expression.
 regular acceptance and processing of the images of chlons and 7 (in-3 minutes).
 any person affected by the amendment may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board before february 24, 1999.
 as regards the specific provisions of these two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically supporting.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of ecuador has risen to rise, climbing up to 2<unk>3 and colombia's growth in growth.
 the recent example of the sharm hom is built in the sharm hom, which involves the integrity of country parks.
 the list of projects envisaged in the procurement model is contained in article 11 of the model law.
 a keynote will be conducted in the workshop on the part of the hong kong institute of surveyors.
 a 12-year-old teenage youth arrested in the operation on january 15 was released on bail pending further enquiries.
 in all cases, the issue is frequently informed of the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but there is no progress.
 the regional security system has expanded its ability to collect anti-terrorist activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 she would also like to know how to select the choice of non-governmental organizations, which provides information on information and the commission.
 in order to protect the consumer interests of consumers, i am going to propose this motion debate on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supported the secretary-general's efforts to promote the policy of the field, but the state should provide financial contributions or in in-depth contributions.
 there are 15 different countries of the 15 different countries.
 in accordance with international treaties, the legal assistance has been given to legal assistance under the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000 people, or at least, are able to return to their homes.
 the list of states should be subject to a short period of time and direct victims to continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung.
 as to the underemployment rate, the underemployment rate was also observed in the construction industry, both the construction industry and the transport industry.
 as a result of the budgetary constraints, a number of limitations on the costs and expenditure of lawyers are provided.
 it is important that there is an exception to which there is an exception to which there is an exception.
 every year's weekends to weekends in the last year, these places have been filled with the children's parents.
 the bank does not want to make one another thing that the government instructed to deal with its business.
 for the programme, please call 24693<unk> please call the seat at 2773499.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can look into a unit.
 the procedure of the criminal code of the georgian penal code of the georgian penal code accounted for a detailed account of the procedure of the assets (bank bank account).
 " we also believe that there is a need to expand and traffic, " he said.
 since the establishment of 50 years since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most sadness of the dictatorship of the continent.
 we do not agree with a negative approach in the settlement of the north korean nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask you what i do not <unk> they would like to say that they would not be allowed to join you.
 he was released on a few days later than a few days.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will actively participate actively in the efforts of the conference, the adoption of a global treaty to halt anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, the international regime in the jurisdiction of the specific scope of the specific scope of specific activities shall be considered.
 1970-1975 minister counsellor of the soviet embassy in italy.
 legal activities should be developed on legal activities in the area of legal activities in the area of conflict areas.
 the preconditions should be that the provisions should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that all the sale arrangements have not been sold in the hos scheme, the spokesman added.
 in the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 550000000, while the number of deaths in the number of deaths is 32000.
 however, i raise it, since this question reflects the historical and people of the people of the balkans.
 when we talk about the future of hong kong's future, chinese leaders said: " the chinese people can do so. "
 more than any other group, they need the attention of families, and the attention of the government and the government.
 it was reported that in other parts of the pollution, these foods have been affected by polluted food, and then as cleaner food.
 with regard to the choice of the child's family family, luxe luxe luxembourg had been retained in ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed and agreed that they must stop weapons into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should discuss and listen to their views with the industry.
 i would like to have a little boy who would like to go to all victims of the victims.
 ni kuang talk about women.
 overall plans to focus on assisting girls and women to improve their self-esteem.
 he strongly categorically reiterated that the management authorities and palau are determined to preserve the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the secretary-general of the communist party of the communist party of china came to the revolutionary riots revolution.
 in the promotion of chicken chickens, there are a number of people with the farms with the farmers and farmers with the farms, and to promote the development of fish fishing fish.
 the advisory committee requests that a copy of the memorandum of understanding made by these arrangements have not been received.
 in this context, the committee has endeavoured to understand the fullness of the iraqis who are iraqi.
 the special rapporteur had visited rwanda.
 those who have lost their fighting.
 the main reason for the termination of the uncumbered balance was largely due to an end to the programme.
 furthermore, as a member of the international contribution, we will continue to provide a direct contribution to the palestinians.
 activities in the field of remote sensing and practical applications should be strengthened.
 according to the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region have been elected and elected.
 40 enterprises in service industry have received a loan of $ 216000 during the reporting period, creating or 79 work.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of a further response to the nuclear tests conducted by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the country, international organizations and the united nations to continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we want to convince friends: it is not enough to understand their own lack of help.
 a few months later, the storm has also been a very painful period of adjustment.
 ah, they have been closed yesterday.
 after protests were protested, the people of some people were emotional and constantly hit, and the police will be dispersed.
 the establishment of a programme of work for trade points (see 4) is only in recent years.
 i think the most important thing is to respect the civil service and allow them to discuss the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the committee's pension system, and the impact of women's impact on women's impact on men.
 (c) the office of the force commander: owing to the information dissemination of the office, the reduction of two local-level posts posts.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expectations of the world economy and international trade.
 the development division for the development division of the family development division, family development division and the family support division has been carried out.
 the gizon global sales vice president of the world, said: " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should take the same emphasis on the same position, with the same emphasis on a fair and equal manner.
 despite some apparent difficulties, these positive developments have shown that the progress of conflict prevention is a strategic strategy for conflict prevention.
 similar to the 2 provisions of the joint declaration similar to article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked up to me.
 the united states dollar deposits increased by 0.7% in july and november, with a marked increase of 0.6% in december.
 the committee would like to know the findings of this incident.
 however, women's participation in society depends on the economic and social resources of the social and social rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the various committees reflected the urgent issue of the common concern of all humanity.
 their despair and suffering.
 " we will strive to preserve all the success of hong kong, " mr tung said.
 in the light of these positions, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution.
 after all of us$ 2000000000, only $ 12200000000 were used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rental indices of the consumer price index reflects the changes in the rental of households in hong kong.
 the jurisdiction of the jurisdiction of such a practice will be focused on whether it will return to the original guarantees.
 in his view, the beijing olympic games will certainly be able to host the 2008 olympic games.
 the committee considered the key issue in the production of productive employment at its last session in february this year.
 it is possible that the economic measurement mode can do so, and we will make us an overall assessment.
 in 2000, the protective protection of women in the workplace have also been banned in the workplace of the workplace.
 the actual facilities in paraguay has also been improved, and the river transit corridors become the 2 key transport route next year.
 welcome everyone.
 in this regard, the financial secretary also agreed to show that it will be very important to develop, and we expect it to implement as soon as possible.
 for the public, the general assembly's importance is the importance of a culture of art culture.
 in most countries, the population of the elderly are far more fast than the overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire.
 in addition, on 12 may 1994.
 today, i am delighted to officiate at the opening ceremony of the chinese space science and technology achievements ".
 the discipline and discipline of discipline, which is to be the united nations.
 these proposals have been the public's public opinion over the past few years. "
 a police spokesman said: " there is no need for ordinary letters, " the spokesman stressed.
 police appeal to members of the public to contact investigating officers on the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the missing person.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the system-wide timetable for the system-wide conference.
 at the end of the seven-year-old man, the spirit of the seven-year-old man and his voices can see 100 patients.
 this matter took place in the way in which there is the way in the area of immigration.
 in fact, the number of unemployed persons are more than a few times.
 the government of some industrial countries have already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to start to suspend the debt of debt.
 during the century and this century, we have seen the great achievements of mankind.
 mr deputy president, in explanation of amendments, mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words about this kind of debate.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 the 3 phase of the genetic revolution is known as the biotechnology revolution.
 i understand the precise degree of accuracy of the chinese government to draft the basic law on the draft basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of these challenges.
 the money provides for a growing demand for food and medicine, which is the oil-for-food programme.
 note: the chinese temple fund and the chinese temple is set up after the chinese temples and chinese temples.
 there is, in fact, very difficult to distinguish between the recruitment and compulsory recruitment of recruitment.
 in the first page of the journal, the first page of the journal, he wrote this letter.
 at the same time, the inflation rate remained high, and it is expected that this year's inflation rate will be nearly 10 per cent.
 mr ip also mentioned that he thought that there are many voters in the legal profession.
 i would also like to agree that the amendment related to the reduction of a number of complex administrative requirements.
 there is no need for me to repeat them here.
 a number of recommendations will be submitted to the conclusions and recommendations of the session of the review committee.
 a complex project is a complex project, which will have a profound impact on the functioning of the united nations, budget and financial work.
 if we are still not satisfied with his friends, he will be able to buy a lot of money to buy the number.
 in line with relevant measures, customs, fire services department, lands department, lands department and the planning department will proceed with the oil companies.
 mr. wang ying-ying (china) (spoke in chinese): i congratulate you for the presidency of the council as president of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure safety.
 the objective of the text is to put some political options and rights to the states concerned.
 responding to the report, police officers conducted investigation into three rooms of three rooms in the hotel.
 they have to receive continued professional training, their registration <unk> authorization of registration <unk> authority to consider renewal.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 however, the implementation of these technology is enormous.
 i also said that he was not good for me to hesitate him.
 the contradictions in operative paragraph 3 of the operative paragraphs is even more obvious.
 the minimum age of service will be able to benefit from the age of every society.
 a view was expressed that the draft guide should address the issue of compensation in the draft guide.
 i would like to repeat earlier points that only i hope honourable members will be able to give them a bit.
 in the absence of other speakers, the president of the president should announce the end of the debate.
 he said: " you are often contacted with a man, or is the darkness of the people. "
 i think that the minimum level should be kept in the future, and there is no need for a decision in the future.
 the sisters of the sisters are starved and threatened to live with the stars and storms.
 " we should continue to enhance the level of service levels, which is our expectations, " the spokesman said.
 there can be a major step forward in the future directly 3.
 the members of the community now endorses the adoption of a bill of rights to establish such freedom through a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is simply " himself ".
 however, when the mission went to new york, it was in a position to prevent them to enter the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will vary significantly.
 the delegation of the united kingdom believes that the court should meet some guidelines.
 in order to reduce money in the near future, i think the government should have more actively to implement the policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties dealt with the multilateral covenant and agreements, which also included the issue of reservations into human rights treaties.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is establishing a real democratic state for a market economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly looted.
 " we will be submitted to appeal as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) management private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this is more vulnerable to the poor.
 we have also thought that hong kong's cultural life is indeed the ideal city of hong kong's culture.
 in a number of countries, cross-boundary entry into the law, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange controls.
 more than 95% of the salaries and personal income tax can be received in the next two weeks.
 we must be overcome, however, to be overcome and seriously seriously seriously.
 in the sudan, the ministry of welfare, welfare and social development department is responsible for the 10th anniversary of women and family services.
 he also served as the chairman of the administrative committee of the administrative committee and the chairman of the organization, as well as to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is a co-operation between the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information.
 similarly, life expectancy at birth is the difference in life expectancy at birth.
 secondly, the checks and balances between the executive and the legislature is a checks and balances.
 even though there is no public public transport, the majority of the street are mostly pedestrians.
 this year this year may have been different.
 let us take a look at the iraqi policy of iraq's policy in the past.
 in addition, members may be able to observe the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 when i look at me, it will be very good.
 despite a good financial performance, structural adjustment programmes had not been able to achieve its goals.
 right, it is somewhat different.
 if we want the united nations, we must make the united nations to make the united nations to move forward before developments.
 in his budget, the financial secretary referred to the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for the repair works of public housing estates in public housing estates.
 after electing the deputy director, i believe that this is the last meeting of the legislative council.
 the spokesman said: " the industrial accidents of industry accidents and the accident rates have declined.
 the croatian police are also carrying out regular and vehicle patrols in the areas where they were able to enter into part.
 the three " fundamental issues ", mr cheung pointed out that it would be misunderstanding to the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more than ever before.
 before the registration scheme is formally implemented, the authorities will seriously consider all the views related to the registration plan.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, you have been consulted, and it is not appropriate to ask questions on the matter.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " winds ", and it would be possible to reduce the salaries of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will send a visit to washington for a visit to north america.
 exports from developing countries increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the website is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at the 12 session of the tribunal, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 she was allowed to make her shoes.
 although there is a need for analysis of data and the quantity of data, the content of the data are relatively small.
 the report noted, however, that although the local market had been sold, the purchasing power of the population is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agreed that such a view was made and recommended that the current 2.7 per cent rate should be retained.
 the international community's achievements in the fight against terrorism should not become a precondition for the end.
 the administration has already recognized that " national security " is the interests of the sovereign state.
 but at present, hong kong's economy has continued to grow steadily, and the surplus of the treasury has led to the heart of many countries.
 that is true.
 the under-secretary-general self-secretary-general has indicated that it would not be determined for the purposes of the committee.
 over the past few years, a large number of documents proved that, owing to the lack of lack of water supply.
 the treaty is limited to prohibiting nuclear testing, but no quality improvement in nuclear testing, or production of new weapons systems.
 they said that they had been unable to receive him as a result of urgency.
 as a whole, the whole could be much greater than its part.
 (b) the electrical and mechanical power system will be included in the non-production of a public holiday on may 1 this year.
 in the light of the green paper in the light of the green paper, it is indeed a hu hu said.
 in 1993, it became a member of china's appointment of a member of china and became a member of the staff of the concession.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 a priority should be given to enhancing cooperation between the capacities and infrastructure of national institutions and infrastructure.
 each week of the age group is about 5 hours.
 this phase will lead to a single uniform rate of reimbursement for all other equipment and consumption.
 we need to use the use of international law on the basis of international law.
 at present, scientific technology is emerging and the scale of economic cooperation is unprecedented, and the world is speeding up to multiparization.
 the subjects of the chinese painting and the museum of the museum's ocean museum has also come up.
 in a sense of rational and sense of depth, chen chung-chien was wearing a sense of cure.
 i have talked about response to the crisis in west africa.
 however, the most fundamental or angolans themselves truly committed to peace and national reconciliation.
 exporters and investors have a significant increase in the activities of the european union.
 there are few indications of the presence of fiji.
 in this event, there is no waste of public money.
 the brazilian turtles, the brazilian turtles of brazil, is also the most strong species of species in taiwan.
 these women are also subject to slavery discrimination, or in the labour market, or in the labour market.
 (a) its economy exceeds more than 50 per cent of the countries<unk> (ii) that the developed countries are generally defined.
 today, saint luntia had a female head of state for the 1 time in history.
 sometimes, non-governmental organizations tried to influence a government.
 this fanic phenomenon is the product of a new single-nao system in the other countries of the country.
 recently, some of the recent groups have not been able to talk about their remarks.
 however, with the return of people's return to political and political life, it will be necessary for east timor to meet east timor.
 in baghdad, a police officer was attacked by car bombs, at least five people and 19 injured.
 in a few months, the police charged with violations of violations of human rights and other acts of criminal acts are also reduced.
 his election was highlighted by his election, his personal quality and his rich experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented industry ", there is no such staff as a whole.
 at the same time, the line shall be required to 173 grams of 173-lanelines and 133.
 in order to abolish the words ".
 at the same time, the department is not too trained to deal with the hawkers.
 in the context of non-state security in the context of non-state security, the debtor should continue to be maintained and preserved.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly in the context of mutual legal assistance, will take place in the future.
 however, in the context of urgent needs, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 explosions occurred in the vicinity of the vicinity, but there were no casualties.
 the council also began to hold a new " mixed " mixed " conference, which is open to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures have taken all measures to ensure that it would not be possible.
 as mentioned above, it was not mentioned in section 8 of the document.
 i accepted the constitutional affairs of the constitutional affairs of the constitutional affairs, which is a matter of course near the elections.
 equitable wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies remained to be filled, and the meeting was suspended on that day.
 the car parks at the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth in the portfolio of customers still remained stable, and greatly significantly the performance performance of the 500 industry index.
 many people have been able to enjoy a large amount of cards, but paying a large amount of cards.
 in mid-july in mid-july, li yip visited japan to take part in the 8 world muscles in the 8 world.
 the 3 ldcs conference will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the integrated development of ma wan island.
 based on this commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as possible to the secretariat as soon as possible.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat needs full participation, including the preparation of background documents, direct participation in meetings.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission of human settlements.
 new york, november 12, november 12.
 the seven-year-old man, who is well-being, was deeply satisfied and loved.
 hong kong's occupational safety and health management: " hong kong's occupational safety management: "
 if you want to ask you, you have to look for you.
 the new advantages of the hong kong new airport is a state-of-the-art.
 despite the limited financial resources of families in the economy, many small amounts can be able to generate substantial funds.
 as regards the contents of the draft articles, it was said that the contents of the draft is too complicated and needed to be reduced.
 not only because we want to uphold the rule of law, we have to safeguard the hong kong international financial centre.
 the distribution of resources for programme resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states are required to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the writer is not opposed to the promotion of employment at the grass-roots level.
 at the age of 50 years of age, it was found that there are 1 18 degrees when they were found at the age of 50.
 the israeli occupying forces also destroyed the village after all houses in the village, destroying a flat and burnt another.
 all those who are interested in the above-mentioned symptoms should be invited to be invited to be invited to control the symptoms.
 child prostitution refers to the use of or facilitating the use of children, access to or facilitated children.
 this is not an achievement.
 at the same time, the value of orders in the metal products industry increased further by 2%.
 it is equally important that the long-term problems faced by african countries and the debt amounted to 1<unk>3 of these countries.
 after multi-hour debates and years of consideration, we are now like to return to the beginning.
 the economic and social council has 14 thematic panels of experts to participate in the work of individuals, rather than national representatives.
 as for the expert unit, the expert unit will provide more intensive tactical training.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen to replace north-south cooperation and should be seen as a complement to its supplementary.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed, and many changes in the structure of the family structure is taking place.
 to ensure that there is a high degree of chinese language textbooks, the authorities have established chinese textbooks.
 another another thing is: " the business of the banks will best be done as long as it can't make money.
 some were said to have some wounded.
 although the delegation of ethiopia appreciates the leadership role in the field, the panellists had not provided a solution.
 the united nations contingent on military contingents will assist in preventing those who might wish to interfere with the democratization of the democratization process.
 however, it is necessary to look at trade in other priorities, including education, health and management.
 however, it was reported that it was reported that this person had been transferred to the custody, and no news about the whereabouts of the person.
 in order to avoid the unique interests of political parties, the campaign for election activities should be controlled and maintained.
 it is expected that it will be completed in 2000, which will provide background information and exercise to the working group on the right to development.
 it was never imagined that suen yun-nun had experienced numerous waves of waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-and medium-sized enterprises commission, mr chan wing-yu, was reported to the chief executive to the chief executive to the chief executive.
 asianet daily summary-press releases were issued on tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of the history of historical history, a wide range of land in the new territories are subject to a wide range of land.
 we welcome the partnership in these areas, " he added.
 if you do not " don't " be " love ", " not " don't " harm ".
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces seemed to be a day in iraq, regardless of whether the authorities or local people do not think.
 please watch the 5 series of new zealand's 5 series of new zealand, new zealand's new zealand.
 the draft guidelines adopted on 18 june 1998 included the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 15. during the pilot process, it was proposed that the effect of the proposed impact was made to the district and in the area.
 the national television station broadcasts a few programmes on this seminar, which helps to raise public awareness about this issue.
 if the person is dissatisfied with the age of 65, there is no right to receive the minimum wage of wages.
 in general, such information will not be disclosed.
 he is clear that he has been able to achieve achievements in the legal context.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent body to review the rules on the basis of the highest international standards.
 " the labour department will find suitable vacancies and help them in employment, " the spokesman said.
 since china's recent accession to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games will be held in beijing, this co-operation has enabled two companies to make it possible.
 recently, a scholars who came from the mainland in hong kong in hong kong in hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has become checks and balances.
 he said that if someone were stolen, then he cut off his hands, and to ensure the safety of thousands of people.
 the kosovo serbs participated in the elections, indicating the importance of their attention to the interim self-government.
 nii has been the headquarters of the ruf.
 the right to " taipei's dignity " signboards " signboards.
 the name said: " the official said, " the official said, " the official said: " <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 born in new zealand, rice was born in new zealand, mr. klatt, who wasn't <unk> secondary school, university of australia and australia.
 in traditional markets, two chickens have been able to attack each other.
 details of the proposal, both in english and english, are now available for public inspection.
 it is because the dpp is a new dpp campaign.
 in the manufacturing industry, there is indeed a lot of employees to choose.
 the claimant provides an export credit for exporters and the contractor.
 with the assistance of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for action for action in various fields.
 the committee recommends more attention to the accuracy of the estimated requirements.
 according to the health organization act, all persons in estonia have the right to obtain medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted economic scholars in bangkok: " nobody knows how much of the cost is. "
 in this section of the " redeploy of " red camera ", the chinese publisher is published by the chinese people publishers.
 madam president, today's grand secretary's grand secretary is going to " diet. "
 in the light of the atmosphere of the atmosphere, i might say a few words on the matter.
 the government of the government of japan contains comments on the statute of the international court of justice.
 following the performances, the response was very warm and enthusiastic response to the members and staff of the staff.
 i can also refer to some examples, and some complaints said that some of the chronic patients who have chronic patients with the hospital authority have been unable to refuse.
 the approved plan is to be amended to reflect the latest developments in kowloon.
 actually, i went to chongqing.
 the panel is in support of ensuring that gender issues are more sensitive to gender issues in 2001.
 she won all citizens of the united nations to enjoy all citizens.
 all relevant departments will be involved in the programme, from prevention and prosecution, from prevention, prosecutions to help victims.
 with respect to the obligation of the state party, the committee noted that, in some instances, the report would mention the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 fighters per hour can be sent to some 15000 small arms ammunition.
 2, reducing the situation tensions.
 we have first taken action on the draft resolution on the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded his daughter to his daughter.
 moreover, there have been no cash in cash for the current peacekeeping period.
 my delegation also thanked the under-secretary-general, under-secretary-general, the secretary-general, to us this morning to us this morning.
 the potential for foreign investment in developing countries may trigger financial instability.
 an international seminar was held on 24 and 25 june 1998 a international seminar on the government of the czech republic.
 since the transaction deals with the transfer of bank licences, the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged, and there are still 177.
 this is mainly attributable to the lack of differences in the past 5 years or lack of progress in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon has led to the suffering of children and orphans<unk> the increasing number of conflicts more heavy to the conflict.
 at the invitation of the council in january this year, mr. sergio de mello proposes to enhance the efficiency of civilian police dealing with complex action.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia are now present.
 young people account for 19 per cent of the population of africa, based on the current growth rate of population growth.
 at the same time, hong kong and some have developed countries in hong kong, such as thailand, china, indonesia, indonesia, korea and india.
 one of the typical consumers in the united states will take more than 15 000 hours.
 i believe that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be borne in mind that the humanitarian situation in iraq is.
 this is a subject of play.
 oios urges the department of disarmament to assist the ministry of disarmament to assist the political will of member states to make financial commitments.
 our financial position is lucky than the united kingdom. therefore, there is no need for us to do so.
 the last time of la laden's image was in the end of 2004, but his deputy, al-zahhuh, was frequently used.
 the 4 area is the establishment of the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on the reduction of the waste reduction programme of the government, by mr tam kwok-chung.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government does not respond to this matter. "
 after the performance of the performance of national music, hu nai ming-ming, the photos of the national music of the national music of the national music.
 the gross surplus of the business sector accounted for 17.2%, representing a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict, children are leading in the society, and children are in need of care.
 the civilian population of bosnian serb forces carried out military attacks against the civilian population, and there are casualties.
 a spokesman for the department said that during the two-week survey conducted by a two-week survey survey, the overall response rate was nine.
 the chicken will be tested by test and blood test, " he added.
 he said the secretariat hoped that the executive board would continue to guide these practices.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres of the demilitarized zone, to extend 10 kilometres to iraq and 5 kilometres to kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children engaged in the family service are girls.
 therefore, a number of measures have been made to ensure that the needs of female prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolates).
 liu ming-ming also came to taiwan because of the war.
 the central meteorological industry is expected to affect north china and south china.
 this section recalled the reasons that the right to food may be the cause of the right to food.
 at the end of the 19 century, the buffer was used in taiwan.
 criminal law and criminal procedures have been revised in order to strengthen the national legal system.
 appropriate legal sanctions in respect of any person engaged in arms would be able to promote compliance with the procedures for authorization of arms.
 the government has launched a series of activities to consolidate the international community's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the federal budget is too large, and the federal budget is unable to maintain.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet group toured the hong kong ballet for the guests.
 speaking at the opening ceremony of the event, the director of home affairs, mrs lee said, " hong kong is a immigration society.
 on 30 may, on 30 may, a new fighting was carried out by troops from the taliban and the taliban in the north-west of glas province.
 the volume of data in computer systems and the searchers also triggered the privacy and other related issues.
 this document will be included in the voluntary contributions of the asean regional forum, indicating what major developments in regional security situation and their awareness of them.
 every day, soldiers said that the items would be handed over to the same day.
 " the more late implementation of the mpf system will be more late. "
 the committee was informed that the vehicle from the united nations assistance mission from the united nations rwanda assistance mission had not been used.
 on the contrary, they often look at the people of people as the enemy, and therefore, it is therefore no sense of solidarity.
 the railway system is an integral part of the system of transport systems.
 in accordance with the provisions of the convention, it was recognized as an important partner for peacekeeping operations.
 i think this will be very sorry.
 through this election, we fully ensure that hong kong is a place of asset.
 it appears that, despite the authors intention to use this procedure, they did not make use of this procedure.
 as a result, we don't want to follow the new areas for other people who cannot go to the new areas. "
 upon assessment, the results will be issued in july.
 johnson works in the 1940s of the 1940s, which has been over half a century.
 however, madam president, the bill today is a great question today that the bill will be implemented within this transitional period.
 it was arrested by the arrest of the united states following the united states after the arrival of los angeles, new zealand.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, presented the introduction of the hong kong economy in 2003.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly the production and processing of natural gas.
 some experts expressed their view that statistics had not been fully reflected in the size of the problem.
 therefore, we would like to respond to the need for different types of land in different areas.
 following the opening of the opening of economic reforms in 1978, china's implementation of the exchange rate system has become a price for foreign exchange tickets.
 in the framework of the shanghai forum, it has been established in the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental foundation has changed.
 we will continue to persuade the young people to make an extremely negative impact on health.
 some of the results are as follows: apart from religious books, in the social research, mathematics, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 this year, the total income of this year's year is $ 105500, representing a total of $ 825600.
 these provisions should be made in this connection with the chinese side.
 non-colonial items carried historically in other currencies are calculated on the basis of the united nations operational exchange rate for other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have the best service service in hong kong, " the spokesman said.
 after the incident, i understand that a doctor's friend also expressed dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " in order to reflect the latest land use of the lantau north-east of lantau, " the spokesman said.
 this forced bilateral negotiations to be suspended.
 to this end, member states have to pay their assessed contributions on time, on time and conditions of legal obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for more than half a century, mankind has lived in the hot danger of the hot nuclear danger.
 he said that as a matter of resolution, the prime minister has established a cabinet of prime minister.
 the more the longer the time has been prepared, the longer the longer the time has been prepared.
 there is no other group of other groups.
 the seriousness of the act is comparable to a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 a summary of the important accounting policy of these financial statements, as an illustration of the financial statements, the financial statements.
 within the southern south of yunnan, there will be heavy rains in south-east asia.
 on behalf of the government and the people of the cororos, i would like to express their condolences to the families of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet carried out a plan to provide donor confidence in the structure of undp.
 the bureau of ukraine, mali and ukraine served as vice-chairmen of the delegation of the two countries in the year 2000.
 ohchr will promote the right to development in relation to poverty-related strategies, plans, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council has averaged about 70 examinations for about 70 examinations, which can accommodate some 3000 candidates.
 after escaped by the culprit, the victim revealed that the victim had entered the incident.
 authorities have declared today's day today.
 for example, the killings have been set up in phase 3.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has been reduced by 30 per cent.
